hey guys welcome back today I'm gonna be
showing you a tutorial how to use Pangu
jailbreak for iOS 7 47.1 point2 so I
know I realized it figures a little bit
late but I just wanted to get another
one of these videos on YouTube just for
the sake of it so yeah I'm going to
using my ipod for this this is a freshly
restored i put on seven point one point
two is i'm gonna go to about and wait
for it to focus 7.1 point2 there we are
and it's obviously on jailbroken there's
no cydia nothing nothing's on the device
quickly type in cydia and nothing came
up so the passcode lock needs to be off
before you do this just so that it
prevents any errors happening and then
you're going to go on your computer
download the pangu program the latest
version is one point 1.0 according to
this and you're going to need to get
your lightning cable or wherever cable
you have and in connect your device so
once it's connected to the computer pain
you should read better recognize it and
say what it is so i pod 51 with iOS 7.1
point2 and now all you need to do is
click the jailbreak button so go and
click that button and it's going to say
injecting bundles now it's going to stop
you at this will just telling you what
to do so just do i say so so go to
settings and it's going to say go to
general i'm already in general so let's
do again go down to date and time
selamat CLE off and then change your
date back to june second so it's quite a
far way back now but has to be 1 jun
second for it to work so there we go
Monday June second doesn't matter what
time and then Pangu will continue so you
just press the home button at this point
and wait now once this is telling you
this on pangu and you see a pangu icon
on your device all you know you to do is
tap the Pangu icon once and let it
continue so i'm going to do that now and
if you continue and now it's going to
say please do not close the app and keep
the device to connect
it's so then we just wait and it's just
processing wait a few minutes now my
device is being rebooted by the program
and it says do not disconnect so just
wait for this to be done shouldn't take
too long and then once it's back up and
running you just need to wait again for
one more reboot so there's a total of
two reboot so this is a really simple
jailbreak and there we go it's gone off
and there we go there's the upper lower
so just going to wait and I'll be back
in a minute all right so it says make
sure the device is not password
protected it's a little bit late for us
to tell that but its back on now and we
just need to wait about five seconds
maybe if itunes pops up your signal
right I'm not going to bother closing it
right now but your device is rebooting n
in just a second alright so it's doing
the final reboot now and as you can see
we get like a pangu screen on the boot
logo plainly is not ready to do anything
anymore it's like gone back to the start
so you can close it if you want you can
even unplug your iPod I'm just going to
keep it plugged in for now just because
it's hostile for me to get it unplugged
by holding this camera so it's going to
wait and as you can see Pangu is
detecting the device again just ignore
it and there we go ready to load system
enjoy and we're going to unlock the
first time going to lock it you might
see a bit of lag where you're all your
apps are being rearranged just require a
couple seconds for it to refresh and it
should work and there we go bear is
cydia in place of where the Pangu icon
was so we gonna tap that and as I said
yeah this is what it's doing it you
might freeze a bit while you get the
there we go is fixed but just just be
prepared for that to happen that will
not happen after it's done that one so
now we just have to wait for Cydia to
prepare its file system and it will
reboot again afterwards alright so it's
just finished doing the file system
preparing and it's just about to
respring so to wait a couple seconds and
here we go so unlock it and now when
you're open cydia it should work like a
normal city
so it's wait for it to load and bam
there we are Cydia home screen
everything's working and at the bottom
though it says I put 51 iOS 7.1 point to
cydia one point one point 12 so after
its reloaded its data will just go and
check on the sources and I'll show you
you can add sources still all right so
they've got sources edit add and I'm
going to add the bite your applesauce
alright so repo don't bite your Apple
doing that add sauce and add anyway and
there we go updating sources so cydia
work something you normally and yes I
hope this helped you guys works with
every device can pop over iOS 7.1 7.1
7.2 so yeah there we go the sources
added and you can access all the
packages from it so thanks watching
please subscribe it's helped and I will
see you in the next video